



Hub of Computer Science Subjects, Open Source Tools and Topics | DeepCursor
Abhas Kumar Sinha

The Main Subjects of Computer Science




Computer Science
Theoretical Computer Science Subjects are ever growing field now a days. Main subjects & Topics included in Theoretical Computer Science includes from Digital Logic Design, Formal Language and Automa, Data Structures, Data Mining, etc. We seek to explore new trends and applications of core technical subjects and showcase them here on DeepCursor for Beginners in computer science to absolute noob ones to grasp fundamantals easily and join us. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_science_and_engineering
Computer Engineering
Engineering Subjects of Computer Science Engineering starting from OS Design, Data Warehousing, Engineering, Cloud Engineeering, Microcontroller Design/Programming to Human Computer Interaction, Artificial Intelligence Aided User Interface, we work on variety of Open Source tools which has its own Educational as well as Practical purpose.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_engineering#:~:text=Computer%20engineering%20(CoE%20or%20CpE,develop%20computer%20hardware%20and%20software.
Trendy Topics
Deep Cursor occassionally posts blogs, papers, videos and experiments on trendy topics related to computers and engineering. These often are of great usage to be used in aid with computer science subjects and courses to get the idea of impact and practical use of such tools.
Resources Books
Resources related to computer science books, papers, websites, videos which often are of great help to beginners are showcased here. The tools showcased in this website are open source and often documented using books, texts, papers, updates, can be of great use to our visiters.
Exploration and Insights
We often explore new updates, models results, papers, conferences, etc in our blog posts to show important hughtlights about them. Other tools at GitHub or other personal projects are also explored with informative insights on our blog posts.
https://www.upgrad.com/blog/computer-science-project-ideas-topics-beginners/
Collaboration and Social
We at DeepCursor are available on various social media websites, and are free for suggestions, criticisms, collaboration, projects, ideas, infomation from others. Feel free to reach us on social media/Mail. In case of conference invitation, send us an E-mail, we'd be happy to showcase us :-)
About
DCR (Deep Cursor) - creates a standard of useful, yet simple tool in application along with their documented source code and paper releases for the beginners to get and grasp all along with complex topics in Computer Science & Engineering, IT from - Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing (NLP), 3D Graphics, Rendering, Gaming, Cyber Security, Information Security, Web3, Blockchain and many more for beginners. DCR is soon coming to a new arena of good tools. Connect with us on Github or stay tuned! 
End License
The projects, which are going to be showcased here are totally based on personal ideas and to showcase my personal skills. All suggestions, criticisms, ideas are welcome. Connect with me on GitHub. All software is free to use, share, modify and all grants under the MIT License.
More about us
"DCR (Deep Cursor) started out as a motivation to accompany my marketing skills along with software engineering ones to test out my usefulness in creating some projects that would have some use in the market as well. I'll be occasionally writing Blog Posts along with projects with new things I learn along. Stay connected with me on my GitHub. " - Abhas Kumar Sinha 